timeout set to 15 seconds
abort on (DELAYED)
abort on (BUSY)
abort on (ERROR)
abort on (NO DIALTONE)
abort on (NO CARRIER)
timeout set to 40 seconds
send (^MAT^M)
expect (OK)
timeout set to 15 seconds
abort on (DELAYED)
abort on (BUSY)
abort on (ERROR)
abort on (NO DIALTONE)
abort on (NO CARRIER)
timeout set to 40 seconds
send (^MAT^M)
expect (OK)
alarm
Failed
alarm
Failed
timeout set to 15 seconds
abort on (DELAYED)
abort on (BUSY)
abort on (ERROR)
abort on (NO DIALTONE)
abort on (NO CARRIER)
timeout set to 40 seconds
send (^MAT^M)
expect (OK)
timeout set to 15 seconds
abort on (DELAYED)
abort on (BUSY)
abort on (ERROR)
abort on (NO DIALTONE)
abort on (NO CARRIER)
timeout set to 40 seconds
send (^MAT^M)
expect (OK)
alarm
Failed
alarm
Failed
timeout set to 15 seconds
abort on (DELAYED)
abort on (BUSY)
abort on (ERROR)
abort on (NO DIALTONE)
abort on (NO CARRIER)
timeout set to 40 seconds
send (^MAT^M)
expect (OK)
alarm
Failed
timeout set to 15 seconds
abort on (DELAYED)
abort on (BUSY)
abort on (ERROR)
abort on (NO DIALTONE)
abort on (NO CARRIER)
timeout set to 40 seconds
send (^MAT^M)
expect (OK)
alarm
Failed
timeout set to 15 seconds
abort on (DELAYED)
abort on (BUSY)
abort on (ERROR)
abort on (NO DIALTONE)
abort on (NO CARRIER)
timeout set to 40 seconds
send (^MAT^M)
expect (OK)
alarm
Failed
